Lookup Table and Template Builder base documentation (#1461)
openmsupply/conforma-web-app: docs/internal/config/Template-Builder.md

Otherwise to view the configuration and edit an existing field click on the cog on the side of the element:

![Form field - edit](../images/Template-builder6.png)

Primary defining the plugin type is required for a field. Other imporatant common properties are a `title`, `code`, `category`, `is_reviewable`, `help_tip` and `validation_message`. The description for each of the common fields is described in [Template element fields specs](Element-Type-Specs#template-element-fields.md).

![Form field - common properties](../images/Template-builder7.png)

Each plugin will have specific parameters to be passed on. These can be a simple string, number or have more elegant and complex logic, using the [`evaluateExpression`](https://github.com/openmsupply/conforma-server/wiki/Query-Syntax) function. To use these a lot of expertise is required, we definitelly  recommend having TMF support while working on this area of the App.

> The compulsory and optional parameters are displayed at the top:

Author: Oh! That's right. I was assuming something, but will remove now. I see it's not there. Maybe I'll just mention that there are compulsory and optional parameters for each Plugin type.

Is simple to define permissins to Apply or View the applications. Just select one existing permission from the dropdown to use an existing **permission_name**.
A apply permission will allow an Applicant with the given permission to create a new application. And the View is meant to be for Supervisors of reviews to View ALL submitted reviews related to applications of this template type. 
![Permission tab - apply permission](../images/Template-builder-permissions1.png)

The reviews configuration on the other hand, have many options available for procedures. In the example below we can see how it looks having just one review **stage** and a single level - meaning there is no consolidation involved. The user can start editing the current existing stage (or add a new stage) and:
* Set the assigner permission to assign reviewers in that level/stage
![Permission tab - assign permission](../images/Template-builder-permissions2.png)

* Clicks on the plus button to add the new Level of review
![Permission tab - level](../images/Template-builder-permissions3.png)

* Select the reviewer permission to be assigned to this level/stage 

> ![Permission tab - reviewer](../images/Template-builder-permissions4.png)

Reviewer: Also -- this hasn't been auto-formatted either -- it should have converted the "*" into "-"

* Then by clicking the add button next will add the new Review permission
![Permission tab - review permission](../images/Template-builder-permissions5.png)

> ## Actions tab

Reviewer: Missing paragraph break

> Some of the **Core-actions** will be defined for every reviewable application, and don't show currently in this tab.

Reviewer: Link to core actions: https://github.com/openmsupply/conforma-server/wiki/List-of-Action-plugins#core-actions

> What can be definied in the actions tab is anything specific to this application that should happen when the Trigger in list happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Actions tab displays (and defines) any action behaviour that is specific to this application type that will run on the specified Trigger events.
```

> Please see [Triggers & Actions](https://github.com/openmsupply/conforma-server/wiki)Triggers-and-Actions.md) for an explanation of how the trigger/action system works. Some common specific actions are: `SendNotification`, `modifyRecord` and `addUserToOrganisation` as showed in the example.

Reviewer: Case: `sendNotification`

Also, there's an extra ")" in that link that makes it not render correctly.

Reviewer: Also missing paragraph break

![Actions tab](../images/Template-builder-actions1.png)

> # Examples

Reviewer: Should be level 2 "##" heading

In this tab is possible to change the status of this Template **version** to Make Available, Make Draft or Disable the application (for all end-users).
### Displayed options

| option             | template_column            | optional | default    | description                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------ | -------------------------- | -------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Name               | name                       | no       | -          | Name of a **single application** displayed to users (in different areas of the App)                                            |
| Name plural        | name_plural                | no       | -          | Name of the **group of applications** displayed to users (in different areas of the App)                                       |
| Code               | code                       | no       | -          | Reference to application type. In case a new code is created this template version will be displayd as a new template type!    |

> | Serial Pattern     | serial_patern              | yes      | **?**      | The pattern to be used when generating a new application - used regular expression                                             |

Reviewer: Typo: serial_patern

Also, I'm sure I mentioned this in the last review, but seems to be gone now...

Instead of "- used regular expression" it should say something like:
```
uses "Generate Text String" action (with link to https://github.com/openmsupply/conforma-server/wiki/List-of-Action-plugins#generate-text-string)

Author: Thanks! I'll add this link

| Linear             | is_linear                  | yes      | **true**   | Determine if user is blocked from moving to the next page before filling all required fields                                   |
| Interactive        | can_applicant_make_changes | yes      | **true**   | When this option is set to false it means no Reviewer can interact with Applicant, so option for "List of Questions" is hidden |
| Category           | category                   | no       | -          | Used to group different template types in a category. The category visibility in areas of Conforma is also configurable        |
| Filters            | -                          | yes      | -          | Selectable filters to display to users applications grouped by action to take in Dashboard                                     |
| Start Message      | start_message              | yes      | Don't show | If defined will display the message on a page before creating the application                                                  |

> | Submission Message | submission_message         | yes      | **?**      | Show message to user on page after the application is submitted                                                                |

Reviewer: These two should mention that value can be an evaluator expression

Author: Can it? I though it was just Markdown

Reviewer: > Can it? I though it was just Markdown

Yes, definitely.

![Screenshot 2022-12-15 at 4 52 46 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5456533/207768553-270b5b9f-3513-40a6-89b7-206fc22cd563.png)

Author: Thanks! Added. I think all has been addressed now (the Documentation in Wiki is also updated!)

Should we merged this one now @CarlosNZ ?

## Form tab

> The second tab called **Form** is displaying the layout of the application similar to what applicant's see when filling the form.

Reviewer: "applicant's" should be plural "applicants", not possessive  :)

Author: hahah that's right! English is though

Reviewer: > English is ~~though~~ **tough**

😆

Yes, indeed!

| Interactive        | can_applicant_make_changes | yes      | **true**   | When this option is set to false it means no Reviewer can interact with Applicant, so option for "List of Questions" is hidden |
| Category           | category                   | no       | -          | Used to group different template types in a category. The category visibility in areas of Conforma is also configurable        |
| Filters            | -                          | yes      | -          | Selectable filters to display to users applications grouped by action to take in Dashboard                                     |

> | Start Message      | start_message              | yes      | Don't show | The start message display on a Optinal start page before creating the application. A [Evaluator Expression](https://github.com/openmsupply/conforma-server/wiki/Query-Syntax) for more complex messages or a simple string message is displayed as defined                                                  |

Reviewer: "A Evaluator Expression" => "An Evaluator expression" X 2 ;)
